Project: Inventory Management System This project is entitled Inventory Management System; it intends to track items, inventory, orders, and fulfillment to and from customers, as well as with suppliers, in order to manage any organization's inventory system. This system can be used to record inventory details, perform stock maintenance, update the inventory based on sales, and provide sales and inventory reports on a daily or weekly and also monthly basis. Our proposed system can solve various issues or problems that affect sales management. The inventory management system is important, particularly for those interested in business, because it helps companies identify which and how much stock to order at what time, as well as ensuring there is always enough stock to fulfill customer orders and proper warning of a shortage. Pages: Landing Page Login Page Dashboard Page Admin Page Costumers Page Receiving page, Product page, Supplier page Features: Insights and Reports, Track and Control, Project (CRUD) Progress Form Report Generation User (CRUD)

Instruction on how to run: Download the source code and extract the zip file or clone it on github. Download XAMPP and start apache and MySQL. Click Admin in MySQL on XAMPP Control Panel and create a new database name it "jmn_db". Import the SQL file located in the database folder of the source code folder. Copy and paste the source code to the location where your local web server accessing your local projects. Example for XAMPP('C:\xampp\htdocs') Open a web browser and browse the project. E.g [http://localhost/sales/]

Admin username: nimwhel Password: Salonga45
